Check Quota and Create Support Ticket for Quota Increase with Percentage - PowerShell Script
	This repository contains a custom PowerShell script named Check_quota_and_create_support_ticket_for_quota_increase_with_percentage_ogv.ps1. The script helps you check quota percentage based on requested usage, creates an HTML report with the percentage against requested amount and recommended amount to increase limit, and submits a support ticket for capacity quota limit increase.
	Please note that this code sample is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. It is not supported under any Microsoft standard support program or service. The entire risk arising out of the use or performance of the sample and documentation remains with you.

Requirements
	• PowerShell v5.1 or higher
	• Az.Quota module (install with install-module az.quota -allowclobber)

Usage
	1. Clone the re
	2. pository to your local system or download the script file.
	3. Run the script in PowerShell or PowerShell ISE.
	4. Connect to your Azure account by using the Connect-AzAccount cmdlet.
	5. Register the microsoft.quota resource provider by running the following command:
	
	6. Choose a location and select the SKU family quota to increase.
	7. Select a new percentage threshold desired.
	8. Select a new request total amount.
	9. Review the report that displays the quota percentage, the recommended amount to increase the limit, and the submitted support ticket details.
	Please refer to the script comments for further details.

Disclaimer
The script is provided AS IS without warranty of any kind. Microsoft further disclaims all implied warranties including, without limitation, any implied warranties
of merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall Microsoft, its authors, or anyone else involved in the creation, production, or delivery 
of the script be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business 
information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the sample or documentation,
even if Microsoft has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
